MobiSys Tutorial 2025: Add Dynamic Apps and Policies Apps (#515)
tock/libtock-c: examples/tutorials/dynamic-apps-and-policies/process_manager/README.md

Process Manager App
===================

> This app is GUI-based to allow developers to explore the applications installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a GUI-based application to allow developers to explore the applications installed
```
